Video Library MVP Your task is to build MVP for a video library app. Each video represents an episode of a series; a series can have multiple seasons. Requirements: 1. Viewing the video library. A user should be able to access the application, see a list of all available episodes, and scroll through the list to discover more content. 2. Video watching. Upon selection the user should be able to watch the episode. 3. Filtering and sorting content. A user should be able to filter the list to see only the episodes they have not yet watched, and sort the list by different parameters. Note: Uploading video flow is out of scope. You can upload any video example to a cloud solution such as Dropbox, S3, Google drive or any storage you choose for the task. The only requirement is that the user can watch the video from within the app. Submission ● Please provide a GitHub repository with your code. Use clear, frequent commits and work with git as you would in real world development. ● Please provide a short demo of the app (screen recording is great). The demo is your place to let your creativity shine and demonstrate your product thinking. Recommended tech stack: ● Backend: Node.js and TypeScript. ● Frontend: A mobile app written in react native. Expectations and Evaluation We expect you to think through the technical aspects of the project, from the code design to any technical decision you choose to make in order to implement the product requirements. We care about quality, so please write your code like this code is going to be deployed to production and you are on call. Time Expectation This exercise is designed to take roughly 4 hours. If you run out of time, focus on writing clean, production-quality code and documenting your decisions rather than implementing features. Partial but well-structured solutions are acceptable. Use of AI Tools You are welcome to use any tool to accelerate your work. Mind that we expect that you fully understand the code you submit. Feel free to reach out if you have any questions or need further clarifications. 